calling the variable from feature file 
use the same id in both files 
store the context of helper feature file 
variable to store the context of feature file 
it should be context.variablename
context from another file should be saved in the variable.


to read from another file if the fiel is in the same folder then syntax is ("filename.extension")
if the file is in other format then the syntax is ("../filename.extension")


Parellel Runner is the feature of Karate in which all the featrue file runs simultaniousaly in from one Runner file called runner file.
to use parallel runner we need to create a runner and then have to pass claspath argument in which we pass the parent class path and then run all the 
feature files with the generated threads.
we can also create builder class for running the parallel runner.
we can use result object to extract information from the parallel builder or runner .

GET ENDPOINT:- this is the point in the UI when request from postman it returns entire data available .
if we want to recieve the subset of data then we use the Query keyword for that in this way we can get specified data.

we can use multiple parameter to filter out the response from the entire database.
in the karate framework we use the file in which we can create the variables and create new entries and after that we can find that file with the help of  query functions.
and Param  this is used to make the query for different objects and with the diffrent key values.
and Params is used to make queries in single line for multiple parameters Eg:- And Params {id :1406, job Desc: soft Eng}  use embede expression to for making the query.
the above is the quesy keyword 
in the form of name and value for making the query 
And param Id
And Param Job description are the query parameter to filter out the result.
after doing this send a get query to find the resuot using queries and parameters.

PATCH request 
first create the job and then use patch request to update the content
create a new package in the parent or top level package
create jbo entry 
update the entry using the query
creating a random id 
make avaialbe the helper feature file 
specify all the multiple parameter in the form of JSON object 
specify path and parameter by params keyword
send the patch request and check the validation 
add the runner for the feature file 

path parameter is used to locate a resource or it can be defined as 
URI 
patch request is used to update the data



Request Chaining 
it is the process in which you first create a entry 
and then update it after the creation 
in this process output from previous step work as input for next step



Karate Tags :
 when we have written the automation code then we have to devide it into some categories 
for ex the categories ar 
confidence 
smoke 
regression
slow running 
fast running

sometime these categories are called  suite

we can add single or multiple tags with feature as well as scenarios 
after adding the tags in the code  we need to add those mentioned tags into the  runer class 
@smoke 
for eg 



JWT 
Json Web Token 
this the token provided when we want to acess the basi Auth secured websites.
when we acess these types of website then we need to pass username etc and then we get acess to thses websites.














  










